Previously, on Empire...
This is what you staked
your name and reputation on?
I told you she wasn't ready!
Did you let 'Keem
hit or not?
If you don't trust me,
then you don't need
to be here.
I'm leaving, Andre.
Mommy's going bye-bye, Walker.
Unless she wants to stay
and help plan
our pretty wedding.
We had a family!
We had a life,
and you took that.
-She killed Durrell.
-What?
We messed up your life,
too, bitch.
- Hey.
- Yeah!
Get is, sis!
Yes!
Hilarious.
Yeah, you better get it.
You better get it!
You better get it.
Yes, sis.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
A little sprinkle of that,
a dash of this.
That makes a perfect soup,
honey.
That there is the new
Bossy sound.
Bring it in for a toast.
all: To Bossy!
And to Tiana debuting
that Bossy sound
and being our
flagship release, okay?
And I have
the perfect anchor song,
a cute, sweet little
number for my boo.
Okay, but which boo?
The new boo
or "original recipe" boo?
Okay,
get out her business.
First of all,
don't listen to Becky, okay?
Devon is a real one.
You got a good one
on your hands.
Okay, enough; enough of
the chitter-chatter, guppies.
Let's get back to work.
Come on.
Come on, come on.
Aunt Cookie?
Keisha?
Uh, what are you doing here?
Is Carol okay?
I don't think so.
Come here.
She got two other guys
in her business.
Oh, my God.
She won't let me come over,
and she won't leave the house.
Where your brother and sister?
At Aunt Candace's.
Please.
I'm worried
she's gonna kill herself.
Hey, I gotta make a run.
♪ ♪
You're gonna have to
forgive me eventually.
You threatened to take
my son away from me.
I'm trying to keep
our family together.
Andre, I've been thinking.
We shouldn't get married
next week.
We should postpone
this wedding.
I can't think straight.
I get it.
Lots of change recently,
you're overwhelmed...
That's why I got you
an assistant.
Courtney.
Courtney is gonna help you out
with whatever you need:
driving you around, errands,
wedding planning,
changing diapers...
24/7.
You're busy,
and you're stressed...
And I'll feel better
knowing that you're safe.
Just think of Courtney
as an extra set
of eyes and hands...
whenever you need.
You're right.
Walker has his six-month
appointment this afternoon.
So we're gonna have to leave
here around noon.
Yes, ma'am.
♪ ♪
I gotta run to the office.
I love you.
♪ ♪
I want to introduce Yana
to the world
in a big, gigantic way,
and that's why we got you here,
Destiny.
You're looking for a banger?
Yeah.
Lizzo broke with "Truth Hurts."
I know that might work
for other artists,
but Yana's special.
Uh, Lucious,
can we talk in private?
-Of course.
-Oh, anything you need to say
to Lucious,
you can say in front of me.
We don't keep secrets.
Then out of respect for you,
I'm gonna keep it real.
I'd appreciate that.
The song you want for Yana
is some...
"reserved for Beyoncé"
caliber heat.
You feel me?
Okay, Destiny,
Yana is an extremely
talented singer.
I'm sure you have
some song up your sleeve--
No offense,
but I saw your girl here bomb
on the Music Weekly show.
Destiny,
a lot of artists have bombed
on their way up to the top,
and you know that.
Okay, that was
Lana Del Rey on SNL bad.
Wow.
Your girl's
in a deficit right now.
All right, okay.
I get it.
I am inexperienced,
and I have a lot to prove.
But can I ask you something?
When you started out,
how did you let everybody know
that you were for real?
I wrote my ass off.
And that's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
Uh...
Yana, you're very talented,
but we need something iconic
to launch you.
We will pay you top dollar.
No.
If this song is supposed to
represent me as an artist,
then I need to write it.
It needs to come from me.
And with all due respect,
Ms. DeVereaux,
I know my voice
better than anybody else,
and I know how to represent it.
That's what you would do,
Lucious.
♪ ♪
Absolutely.
In all truth, I mean,
anyone that doubts Yana--
and that's pretty much
everybody in the damn industry
right now--is not
really worthy of writing
a song for her,
with all due respect.
Come on.
Cancel the rest of
the meetings.
We're out.
Come on.
Quit playing around, Lucious.
We gotta finish this album.
Just give me a minute.
- Yo, what was that?
- Wait, play that again.
Hit record, fool.
I got you.
♪ ♪
Remember to stay above the mix.
Spit some bars, Lucious.
♪ Look, I don't need
no introduction ♪
♪ Finna do it
big as Paul Bunyan ♪
♪ Flows be hitting hard enough
to give concussions ♪
♪ Pardon the interruption ♪
♪ But I don't pull
no punches ♪
♪ And I really need
to kill a beat ♪
♪ A little keys
and some percussion ♪
♪ Like it's nothing,
you already know who it is ♪
♪ They ain't never "Lyon"
when they saying ♪
♪ "Lucious equipped,"
living legend in the making ♪
♪ Yeah,
I'm flipping the script ♪
♪ Made it to the studio ♪
♪ From slangin' dope
as a kid, dig ♪
♪ Selling CDs out the trunk ♪
♪ $7, what you want ♪
♪ I could never fake
the funk ♪
♪ Know you smell me ♪
♪ Toothpaste, boots laced ♪
♪ That's the routine ♪
♪ Block hot, dodge cops,
that's the routine ♪
♪ In the game where
there ain't no referees ♪
♪ And the only guarantee ♪
♪ Is that nothing
come for free ♪
♪ Toothpaste, boots laced,
that's the routine ♪
♪ Block hot, dodge cops,
♪ In the game where
there ain't no referees ♪
♪ And the only guarantee ♪
♪ Is that
nothing come for free ♪
- Cut.
- Cut it!
That's our last scene.
It's a wrap, everybody.
Did they get it?
Uh, yeah, no,
the last scene
was actually amazing.
Great, that's one less thing
to worry about.
What do you mean?
The latest tracking numbers
came in,
and they're garbage.
Who's bright idea was it to set
the release date for our movie
on the same day
as a Marvel movie?
Oh, marketing said that it was
good counterprogramming.
People love an underdog story,
but if nobody knows
we're out there,
it won't matter.
Find a way to get
people talking.
Andre, I'm not a Kardashian.
I can't just get
the Internet to do
whatever you want it to do.
You showed me how far
you were willing to go
to wrangle
that recording contract
out of me.
Use that to generate
some buzz for this movie.
Or maybe you don't deserve
that contract after all.
♪ Let's go show the guys ♪
♪ That we know how to become ♪
♪ Number one
in a hot party show ♪
♪ Now push it ♪
♪ Push it, push it good ♪
Whoo!
♪ Ah, push it ♪
- Carol!
- ♪ Push it real good ♪
Carol!
♪ ♪
♪ Push it good, ah ♪
♪ Push it,
ah, push it real good ♪
♪ ♪
Have you lost your damn mind?
What?
You--this is my house.
How in the hell you bitches
even get up in here?
I bought you the damn house,
Carol.
-I got a key, stupid.
-Is that what you're doing?
You gonna throw all your money
up in my face again?
Is that what you came here for?
- You are out of control, Carol.
- Yeah, bitch!
You damn right I am.
Now get out, both of y'all.
- Get out.
- You need help!
I don't need a damn thing,
bitch,
but to be left alone.
And you know what?
Who the hell you think you is?
You ruined my life.
You think I can't
do the same to yo' ass?
What you mean by that?
Carol, stop talking crazy.
Carol!
- Carol!
- No, stop it!
You are going to rehab.
- Give me my joint.
- Come on. Come on.
No, give me my joint.
-No.
-Stop! Come on.
♪ Now I know
that I done wrong ♪
♪ I'm gonna keep trying,
trying, trying ♪
♪ Been alone
so many times before ♪
♪ I'm gonna keep biding ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Everybody's gonna
fall down sometime ♪
♪ ♪
All right, y'all, wherever
y'all trying to take me,
I'm not going.
It's not up for negotiation.
A rehab program
is the best for you.
They're gonna get you
cleaned up.
All right, come on, y'all.
Come on.
Just take me back home.
I'm good.
Y'all ain't got to worry
about me no more.
Y'all, I'm saying
"no" to drugs.
You are still clearly high
if you think that you are good.
Mm, soon as we pull over,
you'll ditch us in five seconds
to go cop you a fix, honey.
-Mm-hmm.
-You need to be thinking
about your kids, Carol.
Girl, please.
You need to be thinking
about your own damn kids.
Okay.
You wasn't there during
Andre's bipolar breakdowns,
and you damn sure wasn't there
when Lucious was shunning Jamal
for being gay.
Hell, you didn't even see
Hakeem learn how to walk.
I don't need a recap, okay?
One of the biggest regrets
of my life...
not being there
to raise my boys.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, you knew
what it was like
to not have a mama,
and you still abandoned
your boys, you stupid bitch.
So what does that make you,
stupid bitch?
Huh?
You want your kids to be
without their mother?
Yeah, Mama leaving
changed all of us, didn't it?
No one should have to grow up
without a mother.
This is your fault,
not mine.
Stop it.
Stop.
You're always making excuses
for the girls.
No!
No, you can't see them,
'cause I'm their father.
Renee, stay away from here.
We don't want to see you
ever again.
Stay away from the girls.
Dad, where's Mom?
Candace, go get your sisters
ready for school.
Candace, where's Mama?
We'll need
to get ourselves ready.
I'm sure Mom will
be right back.
But Mama said she was gonna
help me with me outfit!
Loretha, help with Carol.
You heard her, Carol.
Don't start acting up.
I want Mama now!
Carol, Stop it!
- Get up!
- Ah! Leave me alone!
Come on, Carol, let's go!
Leave me alone!
You are so full of it,
Candace.
You are.
You lied about Mama
just like you lied
about Franklin.
Carol, please.
Okay, I'll admit it.
Sometimes the truth
is too damn hard to face.
Yeah, 'cause your saditty ass
is fake.
Look...
I know I made a mistake
with my son.
I'll admit that.
Thought Cookie was crazy
for calling the cops.
But that was the wake-up call
that I needed.
I was blessed to have
my sisters there with me.
Y'all both saved me
and Franklin,
just like we're trying to save
yo' ass.
Oh, I don't need no saving.
Oh, yes, you do, honey.
By the grace of God,
yes, you do.
-Amen.
-Huh.
And if you was real,
you would face that reality.
♪ Oh, whoa, oh, oh ♪
♪ I'm going to be saved ♪
Let's see.
So...
♪ See me, feel me ♪
♪ Touch me, heal me ♪
♪ You and I... ♪
No, it needs to go...
♪ See me ♪
♪ ♪
Can you give us a minute?
How's it going?
This is what I got so far.
"See me, feel me, touch me,
you and I intertwined."
Lucious, I know.
Okay, it sounds terrible.
No, it's more like
a little baby trying
to be born.
Now...
Why don't you start with, um,
the chorus,
and we'll just build
the verse off of that?
Seriously, the last thing
I need right now
is a music lesson.
Yeah, I know.
The truth is, I mean,
stressing about writing a song
only makes it harder
to write the damn song.
Don't worry.
I mean, we'll...
we'll figure it out together.
No, we won't.
Look at you.
You don't think I can do it.
I don't put anything
past your abilities.
But my experience has taught me
you don't just sit down
and write a love song.
It's something
you've gotta live
before you can put it to words.
You know what I mean?
I might be young, Lucious,
but I've had my fair share
of pain.
But I'm not talking about
just any old kind of pain.
I'm talking about having
your heart
ripped out of your chest
by the person you love the most
and being forced
to watch them devour it
piece by piece in front of you.
That's what makes
the greats great.
They don't tell you
what they felt.
They make you feel
Thank you.
Okay.
Well, you are stressing me out
right now.
So if I'm gonna do this,
I just need some space, please.
Okay.
♪ ♪
I'll give you your space.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
All right, let's talk
about this ASA push.
What happened with your voice
was a setback,
but it won't happen again.
I've lined up
several performances.
You'll be lip syncing
to a backup track.
A what?
No.
People will notice.
I have a responsibility
to my fans, Andre.
Would you give us a minute?
♪ ♪
This isn't a negotiation.
Do as I say,
or you'll be replaced.
Andre, what happened to me
is your fault.
Chill, all right?
Everybody relax.
It's--we all on the same team
here.
When I want your opinion,
Romeo, I'll ask for it.
Instead of worrying
about Treasure,
maybe you should focus on
the other ladies in your life,
like that gimp sister of yours
or Tiana.
What'd you say to me?
If you did,
maybe Tiana wouldn't be
running back to my brother
for that sweet Lyon--
No!
Oh, my God.
♪ ♪
Oh, my--ah!
There's that junkyard dog
I know.
Stop, Andre!
There's a man
who wanted to put respect...
Stop!
Between the legs of every
woman in America.
Put that same fire
in your music,
and don't come back
until you do!
- Andre, stop.
- Get the hell out!
- Stop.
- Get out!
-Go!
-Oh, my God!
Okay, come on.
Come on.
♪ ♪
T!
Oh, my God.
What happened to your face?
Did you sleep with Hakeem?
- Wait, what?
- Did you sleep with him?
You know what, you act like
you want a good dude,
but the truth is,
you don't know
how to be with one.
Devon, look, I'm so sorry.
I was--
I treated you like a queen.
All this time, you just--
you weren't nothing but trash.
It's over.
- Wait, Devon--
- It's over.
Come on, we can...
♪ ♪
♪ 'Cause once you know ♪
♪ Then you know ♪
♪ And you don't wanna go ♪
♪ Back to wherever it is
that you come from, yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I just want to stay high ♪
♪ With you ♪
Okay, ladies.
What'll it be?
Uh, let me see.
I'll have the, um--
the Roadside half-pounder,
medium rare with, um,
all the extra little
fixings on it.
And give me some extra avocado.
Uh, sorry,
we're out of avocado.
"Out"?
All right.
So you just gonna sit here
and act like
I don't see the Golden Girls
over there,
feeding their greedy faces?
Hey, Betty White!
Why don't you save some
for the rest of us, old ass?
Okay, hey.
Hey, Carol, that's enough.
Ma'am, we--we just ran out.
Those ladies ordered
before you.
Oh, really?
They just ran out
before me, huh?
Is that--you know what?
You need to watch your tone.
I don't even like
how you talking to me.
Your ass will get whacked.
Sir, I am so sorry.
Um, please excuse my sister.
She's having a bad day.
-It's okay.
-I ain't having no bad day!
Shut your ass up.
-Get off.
-You want a scene, huh?
'Cause I will drag you
by your nappy weave
out to that parking lot
and beat your ass.
Is that what you want?
Why don't you back off of me,
Cookie?
You always trying to tell me
what to do.
-Because you...
-Ow.
Are incapable of making
good choices.
Stop it.
Ow.
-Shut up.
-You put your nail in my face.
I know exactly what I'm doing.
That's why I always tell
your ass the truth.
-Stop.
-All right. All right.
Come on, Carol.
Carol, we have to get ready
for school.
-What's going on?
-I've been trying
to get Carol ready for school.
Candace, where's Daddy?
Come on, Carol!
Leave me alone!
♪ ♪
She's gone, Loretha.
She's not coming back.
♪ ♪
I don't wanna!
Where's Mommy?
Where's Mama?
Carol, shut up!
Candace,
you help her with her hair.
I'll get started on breakfast.
Who made you the boss?
Mama's gone,
and she ain't coming back.
We need to start taking care
of each other now.
All right,
so you know--so while
you were busy bossing me around
and being "my mama"
like I was one of your boys,
that gave you the right
to kill my man?
- Shut up!
- Lower your voice.
Durrell was beating you.
He was dangerous,
so I had to do something...
-Oh...
-Like I always do.
Bitch, please.
I was a grown-ass woman,
and it was complicated.
And we sitting up in here
right now
because you still think
you my mama.
But guess what, heifer.
You ain't.
-I'm not.
-Carol, stop.
Matter of fact,
I done lost my damn appetite.
All right.
No, the crack made you
- lose the appetite.
- Stop it.
Get off of me!
You know what?
You can't go nowhere.
I got the keys, dumbass.
Wow.
Andre is really excited
about giving your readers
a behind-the-scenes look
at Birth of an Empire.
I love how y'all
flipped that title
and took it back from whitey.
-Thank you.
-Where's Hakeem?
Uh, he's actually
been working on
the movie soundtrack nonstop.
Actually, how would you feel
about an exclusive
interview/listening session?
Yes.
Looks like Hakeem's
putting in work, all right.
Isn't that the actress
playing his mama?
Get the hell of here, yo.
Oh, my God!
-Studio B.
-Get out!
- Um, oh, my God.
- Move!
I, uh--I'm so sorry.
Uh, we should...probably
try that again a little later.
Oh, I've got all I need.
Jill, you weren't
supposed to see that.
But I can't unsee it, can I?
♪ ♪
You're ruining my life.
You'd have nothing without me.
Get out of my head.
♪ ♪
Are you all right, son?
Oh, I'm fine, Pop.
I--just a little stressed.
That's all.
Seems like that crown
is a little heavy on your head.
I'm handling it
just fine, Pop.
You may not like my methods,
but you can't argue
with the results.
I'm not worried about Empire.
I'm worried about my son.
I mean, your heart,
your cancer.
You've been through
so much, son.
I'm fine, Pop.
You bringing all this up
makes me think
you're trying to undermine me.
That's not what I meant.
Your worry feels like envy.
Are you afraid I'm doing
a better job than you
at running Empire?
Not at all.
I'm--
Then why are you here?
That's a real good question.
♪ ♪
Ahh.
Courtney,
I don't need you to come in.
No, just stay in the car.
Bye.
-Dr. Lockett.
-Yes?
I know my husband,
Andre Lyon, came to see you.
Please.
His behavior has been
very erratic.
And I'm worried...
that his medication
isn't working.
I'm afraid I can't discuss
a patient's medical care,
not even with their spouse.
Andre is not the same person
anymore.
We have a--a baby.
Doctor, please.
Just--just--just
answer me this.
Am I in danger?
Is my baby in danger?
♪ ♪
Hypothetically,
anyone close to a patient
experiencing the symptoms
you're describing...
-Uh-huh.
-Should take every measure
to protect themselves
and those closest to them.
♪ ♪
Okay.
Thank you.
Eh.
Well, I'll be damned.
Did you see the post
about Hakeem
and the actress playing Cookie?
Uh, yeah.
He has hella mommy issues.
So...
Uh, you know you got
a 3:00 p.m.
with Rihanna's management
and then--
Eh, You gotta cancel that.
We have to find Tiana
and get her back on track.
Yeah, about that...
♪ ♪
Oh.
Okay.
All right.
Becky, I think we might need
to give Tiana the day off.
Oh, no, no, no.
We can't.
We need to use that
because we are burning
through money
with engineers and studio time.
I was gonna write Devon a song.
- Okay.
- And then he walked in
and embarrassed me
in front of everyone.
Okay.
What if we flipped it on him?
- What, a breakup song?
- Yeah, a breakup song!
- I don't know.
- Okay.
No, no.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
T.
What better way to get back
at Devon
and all these man-slut,
he-bitches in your life?
- Huh?
- I agree, hands up.
-Give me five.
-She agree, okay?
Look, I know that Devon
is fine as hell,
and I know
that he's slanging it.
But you know what's hard?
Monogamy.
You can just swipe
and get you a new one.
-Sis, I swipe all the time.
-Boom.
I mean, we never really fully
even defined our relationship.
-I don't think you did.
-See?
- He don't own me.
- Uh-uh!
He can't own you, okay?
'Cause you're not a cat.
What's wrong
with a little hoe-ism?
- Nothing.
- Okay.
God, men do it all the time.
But Tiana,
that don't mean it's right.
Okay, but what's right?
Right?
What's right?
What's wrong?
Like, who's to say?
How 'bout we pull out
the pen and the pad
and get messy?
♪ Slipping like a mudslide ♪
♪ Too far gone, too little,
too late for help ♪
♪ And I can't apologize ♪
♪ For living a double life ♪
♪ I blow and I roll the dice ♪
♪ Two wrongs, no right,
and I'm making a mess ♪
♪ And it's killing me
to be confessional, uh ♪
♪ I move too fast
in my double life ♪
♪ Burned and I crashed
♪ Went too hard
in my double life ♪
♪ Broke two hearts
♪ I'm a bad girl
in my double life ♪
♪ Been a bad girl
♪ Double life ♪
♪ ♪
Cookie's been asking about you
again.
Man, it's been months
since you've been up there
to see her.
I'm getting tired of covering
for your ass, man.
Yeah, I've been trying
to go up there and see her,
but last time,
they damn near locked me up
because I can't bear to see her
in there like that.
I've been trying to write her
a freakin' letter...
nothing seems
to come out right.
There ain't nothing
you gonna write on that paper
you can't say in person.
Quit hiding behind
these damn letters
and get your ass up
to that prison.
♪ ♪
Let me out.
I gotta pee.
What is taking Carol so long?
She didn't even eat.
If you hadn't been
so hard on her,
she would have.
Oh, please,
I told her the truth.
Well, you can't always talk
with no filter, Cookie.
That may work with your boys,
but it doesn't work
with someone who's unstable
like Carol.
You gotta learn to weave
a little white lie
in there every now and then.
Look, I can't pretend
like everything's okay
when it's not, all right?
That's you.
Damn.
That bitch.
What?
♪ ♪
Where the hell
you think you going, huh?
You know you can't outslick
the slick-ster.
Get your chalky ass on.
Bitch, I know your little messy
ass set this whole thing up.
Okay, um, I am so sorry
about earlier.
I didn't know that...
she was supposed to be there
for an interview--
I'm a Juilliard-trained
actress.
I went to Brown.
I have a reputation
to maintain.
I don't have time to play
your little ghetto games.
Whoa.
Excuse me.
- "Ghetto games?"
- Hold on, Nicole.
You gotta fall
all the way back.
Lean back.
You better handle this.
Did she buy it?
She has no idea
you're in on it,
so street: one,
Ivy League: zero.
You ain't street, girl.
Uh, yeah, but she doesn't seem
to know the difference, so...
Well, uh, the movie's
getting a lot of buzz.
-You was right.
-You're welcome.
I think "Hakeem Lyon
Falls in Love with Actress
Playing His Mother"
kind of writes itself.
You a shady-ass bitch.
Aren't I?
♪ ♪
Teri.
In here.
So what do you think?
Isn't this bad luck?
We're already married.
What happened to your face?
Oh, that's nothing.
It's just, uh, a little
something at work, you know.
It's all taken care of now.
We can't go through with this
if--if your face looks
like that.
Everyone will see, and--
Teri, this wedding is my...
This wedding
is our coronation.
We're the new king and queen
of Empire, babe.
I don't want a crown.
Listen.
Whatever is going on,
it needs to stop.
We should postpone
this wedding.
Get it through your head.
This is happening.
I know you lied to me.
I spoke with your doctor.
You did what?
Because of the way
you've been acting.
I've been so frightened for me,
for the--for the baby.
♪ ♪
You listen to me.
You're gonna wear this dress...
You're gonna smile,
and you're gonna suck it up.
You hear me?
You're gonna suck it up.
Andre, you need help.
You know I will help you.
Please,
please let me help you.
♪ ♪
Please.
Go, Teri.
-Run.
-What?
You need to run.
Go.
♪ ♪
How did you get
them damn drugs out, huh?
'Cause we TSA'd your ass
before we left the house.
Did you hide those drugs
in your--
Ah-ah-ah-ah.
I don't need that visual.
Taking your ass to rehab ASAP.
Yeah, I don't have
to deal with you like this
one more second.
-Amen to that.
-Oh, shut up.
I'm so sick of y'all
judging me, I swear.
Y'all think y'all so perfect,
huh?
You know what?
Since we all in the mood
of truth telling,
I'ma give it to y'all straight.
You know what?
You ain't nothing
but a plastic,
self-righteous phony
who hide behind your lies
and your white husband
to hide your insecurities.
And you, Cookie,
you ain't nothing
but a lonely,
domineering control freak
with no love and no man
because all your truth telling
pushed everybody away.
Now, let me out
of this damn car!
Get me out of the damn car.
Stop it! Stop!
You the one
that became a damn drug addict.
Stop.
Nobody forced you
to do no drugs.
You think this what I wanted
my life to be?
Why are you dressed for church?
You need to get ready
for school.
I'm waiting on Mama.
Mom had to go on a trip.
♪ ♪
- She'll be back soon.
- You're lying.
You need to get changed now,
Carol.
I don't wanna.
Stop it, Carol.
You're the youngest,
but you're not a baby anymore.
Me and Candace
are gonna try our best,
but you have to try yours, too,
'cause Mama ain't coming back.
♪ ♪
I knew you were lying
the day Mama left.
She promised to take me
to see Alvin Ailey that day
in the city for my birthday.
It was our little secret.
♪ ♪
I never got over Mama
walking out on us like that.
I tried to be there for you.
We all tried to be
mothers to each other.
♪ ♪
It wasn't enough.
Then Durrell came along.
He may have had his flaws...
But he made me feel good.
It was like he was
my protector...
and you took that away from me,
Cookie.
It's like you're taking away
every good memory I ever had.
Look...
It's the truth.
- Yes.
- Okay?
I had to protect you
and your kids,
and I did that
because I love you, Carol.
We love you.
You can't understand that?
But you can't fix me.
You can't.
That ain't your job, sis.
♪ ♪
Just like we couldn't fix you
when we tried
to get rid of Lucious.
Carol, shut up.
Don't you say another word.
Not another word!
Look, we almost there.
I know where we at!
Let her talk.
She been trying to get this
off her chest for a minute.
What you got to say, Carol?
♪ ♪
You remember that day
back in the day
when--when you got busted
for hustling?
- Yes.
- How you think they caught you?
It was a DEA investigation
with the Philly cops.
Carol.
Shh.
No, no, you, shh.
Let her talk.
Who told you that, Cook?
Huh?
We called the cops.
- Shut up, Carol!
- Me and Candace.
We the one
tipped the cops off...
- Carol, why?
- So that they would
bust Lucious' shady ass
and send his ass to prison.
I spent 17 years in prison
rotting
because of two snitch bitches.
What are you doing?
Come on, come on.
Get out, get out.
♪ ♪
Cook, let me explain.
Look,
I didn't even wanna do it.
Candace made me do it.
She said we had to.
Okay, look--you know what?
I did.
Cookie, I did.
Baby girl, Lucious had you
out in the street dealing.
We thought that you might
end up dead
or that your boys might
take a bullet.
We were scared,
and you wouldn't listen to us.
You left us no choice.
That wasn't your choice
to make!
What if Mama was around, huh?
- Mama?
- Yeah.
You think that Mama would
have you living that life?
We had to do something!
And we didn't think you
was gonna be stupid enough
to take the fall for Lucious.
"Stupid"?
♪ ♪
My own damn sisters...
You know what?
The rehab is about a mile
down the street.
You can walk.
Cookie, it's freezing out here.
No, so how does it feel?
Huh, Cookie?
How does it feel?
We was just trying
to protect you, mother you.
-Does that make it any better?
-Stop.
♪ ♪
Cookie.
Yeah, ain't that the pot
calling the kettle black?
♪ ♪
Yes, Lucious?
Oh, my God.
What was so important that
could not wait until tomorrow?
I have something for you.
What is this, the answer
to all of my prayers?
Maybe.
Wait.
♪ There it goes ♪
both: ♪ Got through
another day without you ♪
Wow.
"I reach out to touch you,
but realize you're miles away."
This is about
when we were apart.
I had no idea that
you felt this way about me.
You think maybe you could,
um...
breathe some life into it?
I would be honored
to bring life to this.
Now, actually.
- Let's do it now.
- Okay.
♪ There it goes ♪
♪ Got through another day
without you ♪
♪ Going through the motions ♪
♪ 'Cause there ain't
no other way ♪
♪ I swear that
I can feel you ♪
♪ Don't know if I'm asleep
or awake ♪
♪ I reach out to touch you ♪
♪ Then realize
you're miles away ♪
♪ And every chance
I took for granted ♪
♪ Never again ♪
♪ I won't let you go ♪
♪ I'm like a heart
without a soul ♪
♪ So I'll ♪
♪ I'll count down the days ♪
♪ And try not to break down ♪
♪ I'll keep the faith ♪
♪ 'Cause home is on the way ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ That I haven't ♪
♪ Called you lately ♪
♪ Sometimes it's easier ♪
♪ To say it face-to-face ♪
♪ 'Cause lovers come and go ♪
♪ But we're more
than temporary ♪
♪ I know when I see you ♪
♪ It'll feel like
nothing's changed ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I told you once,
I told you twice ♪
♪ I'll tell you again ♪
♪ You and me ♪
♪ Is all that
we'll ever need ♪
♪ So I'll ♪
♪ Count down the days ♪
♪ I'll try not to break down ♪
♪ Keep the faith ♪
♪ 'Cause home is on the way ♪
♪ ♪
♪ We'll make up the time ♪
♪ No matter the distance ♪
♪ It's worth the wait ♪
♪ 'Cause home is on the way ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Home is on ♪
♪ The way ♪
We made it.
Huh?
Andre, wha...
No.
-Give him to me, Teri.
-No.
-Teri!
-No!
Give him to me now.
No.
No, no--
-Let go!
-Oh.
Oh, no!
-Look what you did.
-Shh.
You try to take
my son from me again,
it will be the last time
you ever see him.
Do you understand?
I asked you a question.
Do you understand me?
I do.
Walker's everything
to me, Teri.
He's irreplaceable.
You are not.
Now let's go home.
Go!
Let's go. Come on.
♪ ♪
Let's go home.
Captioned by Captionmax